imgtool: Extend functionality with getpubhash and output to file (#1752)
mcu-tools/mcuboot: docs/release-notes.d/imgtool-getpub-hash.md

> - imgtool can dump the sha256 hash of the public key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- imgtool: add 'getpubhash' command to dump the sha256 hash of the public key
```

Author: Done
